Don't be shy here
You hurt my Zhao family
I will never die with you
Qiaoba Lou also wants to shake Mount Tai
What a weapon
You say I'm an ant
That's because you haven't seen the real Mongolia
I'll give you another chance to make a contribution.
Use your network immediately
Restore my business contacts with the Zhao family
Otherwise, I will call Hall Master Bai immediately
You look good.
You said you were going to call White Sugar to deal with me
Are you afraid?
I told the Sugar Lord that he is the four hall masters of Red Star
Arbitrary status is unattainable
Want to kill you
Like killing chickens and dogs
Sugar is also blind
It has something to do with garbage like you
What a shame you dare to make up white sugar
You kneel down and kowtow to me right now and apologize
Otherwise, I will immediately report to the white soup owner
I'll let you die later
What are you?
Don't say the white soup pig is here
He can't make us kneel even here
I'm going to punish him for the crime of not being able to master
Sister, since these two women insist on courting death
Then don't be polite to them.
Even the topic buried me
I want to see him
How long can their powder last?
You can call White Sugar right now
Just say there are people he can't afford to offend waiting here
Come and make amends
Don't laugh, it's going to be different
Except for Big Azu from Red Star
Who dares to make Hall Master Bai apologize?
Then do you know the person standing in front of you?
It's Sister Red Star